README.md, before:

# Discord Docker VPS Bot

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> You need a Discord bot token from [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.dev). Create a application there.
>
> If you need any support, join our support Discord and create a ticket: https://discord.gg/ctpG8apzC3

**Features**
- Quick and easy deployment using Docker
- Autodeploy SSH (You can choose either tmate or serveo. If you're using servo.net, edit the script to use this command instead:  `ssh -R $HOSTNAME:22:localhost:22 serveo.net`. We suggest tmate for better uptime.)
- Deploys Docker Containers (you can run this anywhere you want, even on a bad computer / vps!)
- Has creation / deletion / listing of servers
- Supports Debian 12 and Ubuntu 22.04 (at the moment)
- A customizeable install script and docker image that you can change easily
- Uses slash commands to enhance the user expierence
- Start/stop/restart of VPS(s)
- Spec Limiter

**Features in Progress**
- Systemctl support (+++)
- Alpine Linux Support
- Node support/shards
- A Plan system
- A renew system (Disableable and enableable)
- A expire system

**How to create a VPS using the bot?**
- Go in any channel that has slash command permissions (if you're not owner. If you're owner / administrator you can run this in any channel)
- Make sure the bot is in your server and is online
- Run /deploy-ubuntu or /deploy-debian (based on what os you want to use) and wait as it deploys. The bot will send you a message in DMS with the SSH command.
- Open your terminal and paste the SSH command to SSH into the server.

**Requirements to use the bot**:
- Your bot host is Linux (any distro). We recommand **Ubuntu, Debian, or Alpine** as the OS to get the best preformance.
- Docker is installed on your Linux machine.
- Python 3.10 is insatlled on your Linux machine. (You can run `sudo apt install python3 python3-pip` to download Python)

**How to use**:
- Download the latest `.py` file from our [Latest Releases](https://github.com/Is-a-space/discord-vps-creator/releases/)
- Edit .env.example and paste the token where it says `TOKEN=`. You can get your bots token from [here](https://discord.dev). Edit the specified resources (if you want) to adjust how much resources are allocated per VPS.
- Rename the file from `.env.example` to `.env`
- Run the file by using `python3 main.py` or `python main.py` or `py main.py`

If you want to see the bot in action or you are too lazy to deploy it yourself, you can invite our VPS bot [here](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1249856618468737104&permissions=8&integration_type=0&scope=bot)

Commit message:

chore - read description for more information
- Now only allowing Ubuntu, Debian, and Alpine as the OS
- Changing logging method from print to logging.
- Checks if docker is installed and enabled. If it isn't then it will error saying to fix that
- For some reason no-autodownloaded.py had arch instead of debian so that's a quick fix.

README.md, after:

# Discord Docker VPS Bot

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> You need a Discord bot token from [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.dev). Create a application there.
>
> If you need any support, join our support Discord and create a ticket: https://discord.gg/ctpG8apzC3

**Features**
- Quick and easy deployment using Docker
- Autodeploy SSH (You can choose either tmate or serveo. If you're using servo.net, edit the script to use this command instead:  `ssh -R $HOSTNAME:22:localhost:22 serveo.net`. We suggest tmate for better uptime.)
- Deploys Docker Containers (you can run this anywhere you want, even on a bad computer / vps!)
- Has creation / deletion / listing of servers
- Supports Debian 12 and Ubuntu 22.04 (at the moment)
- A customizeable install script and docker image that you can change easily
- Uses slash commands to enhance the user expierence
- Start/stop/restart of VPS(s)
- Spec Limiter

**Features in Progress**
- Systemctl support (+++)
- Alpine Linux Support
- Node support/shards
- A Plan system
- A renew system (Disableable and enableable)
- A expire system

**How to create a VPS using the bot?**
- Go in any channel that has slash command permissions (if you're not owner. If you're owner / administrator you can run this in any channel)
- Make sure the bot is in your server and is online
- Run /deploy-ubuntu or /deploy-debian (based on what os you want to use) and wait as it deploys. The bot will send you a message in DMS with the SSH command.
- Open your terminal and paste the SSH command to SSH into the server.

**Requirements to use the bot**:
- Your bot host is Linux (any distro). We support **Ubuntu, Debian, or Alpine** only.
- Docker is installed on your Linux machine.
- Python 3.10 is insatlled on your Linux machine. (You can run `sudo apt install python3 python3-pip` to download Python)

**How to use**:
- Download the latest `.py` file from our [Latest Releases](https://github.com/Is-a-space/discord-vps-creator/releases/)
- Edit .env.example and paste the token where it says `TOKEN=`. You can get your bots token from [here](https://discord.dev). Edit the specified resources (if you want) to adjust how much resources are allocated per VPS.
- Rename the file from `.env.example` to `.env`
- Run the file by using `python3 main.py` or `python main.py` or `py main.py`

**How can I add my own OS's?**
You can add your own OS's by editing or copying the code to change the commands and the docker image.

If you want to see the bot in action or you are too lazy to deploy it yourself, you can invite our VPS bot [here](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1249856618468737104&permissions=8&integration_type=0&scope=bot) or join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/freevps)
